For example, these months of COVID-19 have been written in death. Save every year. Eh ponzo, you're a thief who's dead at the farta tenge. He saw a question of the guest that was asked and asked at the end of the day. A fire with the worm, satruizing worm jackets burn. But when they finish, there will be. Imon, he was in the fire that was burning in the morning. For hivyo, from the giver of fire of the giver of fire. Mali, dika mraku you, you, you, you, bad, you dilinten. Okau tuwa, the stick, the stick, the river, the lion ugu, the stick, the stick, the stick, the stick, the echa dilinten. I know se, he, he, okau fall, hope, lock, fall, tuko. Hide, hide, hide, and or plant a tree, plant a leg. It is, paitan, immortality, mistake, more, as, where, chance. Come, beautiful, my, my, my daughter, my brother, yes, enjoy. Mungilimu time became my son's house and I didn't fall. Space for space space space space space space. God, England Journal of Medicine, just look at, eh, they're going to break Pfizer's leg. They took a stick, they put it on the ground, eh, eh, they put it on the ground, seat, seat my god, my god, kala, like a leg. I, grandfather, grandfather, grandmother, owner of selahuri, children, hoka table, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother, grandmother utano ujaka le your bottle mami ukasi you are not pompom place of prejwa is not pompom standing between the Christians ala tena wito must father father is utepofatele we are going to God to God God has Mnte jai. God for god. God for god. Latifo is right, she is working for the gods, and she is going to receive them quickly. I'm high, moderate, strong, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, slow, I'm slow. You stand by them. Code you cancel the charter. You stop there's a view. Old age. Ship infested. God is them. Kile to the hospital. There is a mlechao bath. Vision. Uka introduced me. Ophegen. The Muslims. You and. He's a figure. If only they were. Let me live with them. It's not a gossip. Don't bother the rust cup. Kukuri. Kanako went. 2x 2x I 3x sem לכu of hidden will fall heart makar Sydney classroom iišnye Escamin spirit of uhi naoho know eat eat For hivyo, better better. Now, rale buha ponzo lebu hile father we are all the ones who kizipa famo you hear sinte, you fall sadly because you wisamlona chapeka mwoso. Eh, the fog of jealousy leaves the lepers. Danki guy. My pension plan came to fight against COVID-1 Masumabi is sleepy pi khawara sleep of kina where it kawza rita nza kills sleep.