This is the month of COVID-19 and the week of the FEM. Save the whole time. Yes, first lebocha. Uh, no, ponzo hotel? Haki picked up the nickel case in Haiti. COVID-19 vaccines. Eh, kapa, there's a robber's door and I'm going to take the officer and some other robbers. It's in the middle. For now, you're asking your colleague what's going on. For the investing of Stellenbosch, of Cape Town. Because of the success of Stalenbush's investing in Cape Town, he said, there is no need to fight against COVID-19, which is not the case. aki, hii they can't cover the barriers, the sampling trainer hii, more than the meters, m Fred Seta borrow a coat of water, you can read the k전 a k Learning hii, train yourself with tech knowledge in the newspaper, what doesn't help us? cut them because of the snow. God my God Kika Leo Kakalakur, the Americans hukulali big baggage. The western door of the country is the prevention of the spread of COVID-1 Muharik, Hakiru sticks to you. It's a big thing you don't have. Usti jini is a turkey summer. Your jacket is free of COVID-1 It is the most common and most common cause of COVID-1 Your car is not quiet. Head jacket to wear. For the hivyo. To your husband you must cry. Taka shook his head. Yoni dishes. Castration audio chest. Addresses. Just a tariff. For technology use. It’s. We don't see the boat. The address is. For a bit. Driver. Canvas fabric. We saw it. Ruffincrill. You're not a robo. Thank you, father. Nida doesn't travel. Job. Sivar. Sintabali. Their father. Okay. amanono, catalonia and that hibone epu inoze mijape ibirishie we can see and we can fall from the sky kata hasu waone. Therefore, we must take action against COVID-1 H-O-C-U-G-H-T-E-S-T dot online. It's refusing to walk or carrying clothes. It hurts to see you and the COVID-19 vaccine is spreading. It's a bag, sinte at the bottom of your bag bora teteo. If you don't have a fourth thalipi, you can't see it. I told my brothers to work. It's the job of rilego clouds to come, to do the same with the brothers, to cleanse the people and the household to see, to see, solution in one liter, one, chicken in one liter, or chicken in one liter, or chicken is not easy. What is Anita asking you? Anxiety, tell me, where are you from, yes, what was the news, yes, the COVID-19 vaccine, how is it? This skill is in your carbide. For hivyo to the head of the evil, for hivyo to the head of the evil.