Example of the COVID-19 pandemic and the explanation of the small factory. Save the whole group. Koto kipu his legs. Kolo thought and boredom broke it in core. Don't take the door. Cars, cars I didn't filter. Esaring is joined by a friend. Let's cho of sex. Let them do. They make a noise. Even the man died. of sex, will they call, will they call together, will you forget him? Ewan, ewan nite, if you are a little scammer, save some scammers on the Internet. It's a toba tukuri, they call natepasinta read the bad things mkuri, the man doesn't, doesn't come, doesn't come to the trees, your child doesn't start the year. Photo lebu cone, dead pond or leg of the white god vore, lebu mbunde, built a bed. Nita sebu strength, or se, called, sebasu breast, se tu huri, place of visitation, uama viente ya. Now, thank God, I don't know, they're not at the university, they're not at the University of Miami, they're there, they're there. Catch. Maayani, they are stupid women who are sick, heat, heat, heat like COVID-1 There's a lepukuni, there's a record that the gasoline is weak, they don't say hide the day, the leg. The patrician, the going sehorja, there is a leg, the leg does not give us, a man, there is a child, give, forgive. Mbora, I'm a priest, I'm a priest, even if I don't like a priest. When, eh, eh, we didn't tell my father to tell me that, my father's wife was sick, eh, bora father, father, father, he had COVID-1 It is, the sight of the sight, the lichur zemunili of the sight. Vaccinate against COVID-19, this is it. God sees God when parents suffer the death of children. It's just a bad case. For the negative error of the machine we analyzed. The key to the great tolio and the house of the weta in the mill. In the past, the people of old were able to buy booklets to sleep on. Tubalatun and the children's book. They have already measured the spread of COVID-1 It's not. Kaleba is a COVID-19 patient. God for god. God for god. I don't want to talk about sexual health. It's, eh, zaitana te father bihuri, find find the party, find my child nirini jinyani, play a big game to swee the party. So, wherever you are, there is no dignity, to say that you are married, you are free, your, eh, depends on your, your, father. You have a book bahu signa or bahu wasaza kumbahu with a back or a stick of bonea tibala nimi. It lasts until COVID-19 continues to spread to my father's hands. This father called the paper huilelu huri. The Hitu huri people are bored of the sand. U eh again the wish of eh eh of the village. Today you are going to leave the house. Maybe the dipatikusote dipatikusote jeshi of the dipatibopaitana pebanda see if you go. Kajubonti to finish the fatherhood of eh man in eh in eh books me borre. Maybe you love it. Habaka tits high. But they didn't see. God for god.