Export abroad of COVID-19 and vaccination. Stop calling the monsoon. Kwanza pile, fill the wide bars. We send a voice note to the listener. Cut the hatred. Imon let's cup hurle mpuleze mmafuhur with us. Kenale is a fax dead body. Because of hurkidula I'm singing now. Where. to the fax. Because of fear of mazuel. They didn't see the sister of the church. La a, a, a, a, na, bo, ene mura kama tazi maybe azai two days enzali bo toku. They don't care. Atose enzyme arithmetic. Like? This is the place where the two sides are located. They are not here, they are not here, they are not here, they are there, Hopkins Medicine Public Health, Department of Public Health, they are here, where, where, where, in the hospital, here, or limpno, kabachi, kasa kasa, lefasa, kautili lefasa. It should be like kakuri. For hivyo, wherever you go, you don't have to worry about it, you don't have to worry about it. Animals, yes, well, you like hukama but. Nii, hasini but yoyoke etanyana. Bako chan, hapsi, talibel, father, father sile, guest but old, le size, cut huri, eh, children, dilins mu, jew, twins, bicycle, mattress, auship, henyana. Ni dutana padakalusakura kini kyamorafu. Excitement on the Internet. The demons fled to the house where they were sick. Baijitia phase bulbs. Baijitia girl. Stay green for four days or nights. In the old days they were called faiza. I'll call you the John Dobson Public House. Identify the room. Bunny people. Bakai fried meat aukeze hami. here in the land we do not speak. Mbaka nalibu kwenye bakuri mention of haku, mention of harikati we learn to light, stay ejiwa purple, solahur ana, unalibi lamp, sidi nalikan kere kata hauna tuni. To know donala, I went downstairs, made donala, bachalo sako, chansapu, made donala, wherever. Now Kurokuma will be ahead, baba chokandi menokren, potatoes patatabu mune, baba fitandi car. Bava chokan crepe menu, potatoes stone slave mune, baba fitan in waha. The photos, fathers have the news that the menu cream subscribe, hibona khurja to cancer. Potatoes or bread are kipri, nungateng see, khurkuna limone, rakadi, or chicken limonuali, or una sugar or breast cancer. Bava carried that message. Miko to Rafana, we to the rickshaw. Even outside the tent with a sledgehammer. Kuko nabe teri mraja jine and mika time is called the seventh page of the house. Bumne, they want you, they really want you, but they don't, they're young, ataukecha. Kanya is, I'm trying to kiituali dipaki, I'm trying to see, I'm trying to see what but it's not. There is gambling stone ahead, chile to dada ndada krile. There is art to be explained in the list of sisters who hear the relatives hauka krama entewa. Size sister cut my teeth or haku. Meru culture hate stone culture. Baba five acts loo of presence. Baru gave him a stick. You insist that you are not. We become dry assets. Going upstairs to grow up. It's going to be a bit of a god. Get to the chattel. If you believe this post updated k chama nijina ya paz등aza tapachekua k Zach, ukiani tena kis 챙niki even of itazama weweza of kiswrespunazoni to kwaólifu is given to talakini hapera to hiyoke