One of the sites abroad is the COVID-19 site and the Nyefem situation week. Trim the whole bread. But Pfizer is the only Israeli country that has COVID-19 in South Africa. Who is this? Emon is as good as Raza. Meku dikisi clothes bad medicine. Emon evil medicines to cut the branches. Kajina said she was not with him. Kukulaji went to Nyefem's house. That listen. Matawe Kukulajira to the teachers of the trio Lanta Kukulajira easy to get married Inidone sabahiki baseteba lanta as you died Faisalilina noo goes to the house When the spiritual leaders of Mada mbubi learned what they were doing, they were Mbubi. If the master builds a house, the sister builds a house. That's right, you take the religion, and you kill the people. Marako is not cut, or packaged, but is not clean. I pointed to the faba, the ban was kireneto. Well to the birth of COVID-19. If the state is united, the cell can be sent to the countryside. Water the chuta, clean the core. Don't risk it. The year I crossed the river, the holy resi thought I was growing up in the village, the moment is the holy village. Decorate with a bowl, call fatafabahi basil fritters, even plant leaves and leaves, so you can enjoy coffee with it. Part of the right side, seeing the burning of the fathers of the enemy in the kifan, santa maker died, pili bak tree wale, labibi. For hives, hives, hives. Pile was called mbubi Sama mfara rebuni Jabahudu ilibato Bababukua mbubi For sile sile finu Ka mbubi For mbubi For evil Mfara rebuni Jabahudu ilibato Bababukua mbubi Sama mfara rebuni For mbubi Misi nfra own na kia. Nikotina was stabbed to death. This site is located in the american kia to sell clothes. Asa said that the children had two remaining children. Kaitia and the tunnel carriers. There is a potato alimanti and there are two potatoes. Niona Agarette swore. There is a stone of my father's father. There is a boat father of father we are friends We are a boat of shortness Tell us fahu mtua lakatolani Stop crying I'm stealing the secret I'm crying you're not there There's nothing left for mtua People you're going to fall Make a boat there's nothing There's no books there's nothing The end of rafi transparente to upatea isabingalaa ka harani Nekaku CHIhihore he also has no god to win the star Vela hae city chireleto is the hole we die we have to take Adam bin Kipati shisho from na genya yuki kako enti wana Kako percentage of good money Card percentage of good arubo we Kwa mani, habiki of sadness, 2% of three, three gowe, brother hapu mti wale. Two, you're dust to him. My price, sabari yao, if sikafikile, kiri price, yabadi price, sikamu, selo, bale, 1 ton, 2 million. If they are skirts, if the tree is small, it will be cut down, it will fall into its own hands, dead. Message kata, tatam, kiri tenka, kati two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two, two. God for god.