An example of the COVID-19 response to the prayer of a young woman. Save the whole group. Ponso stack, huh? Emon please. Okay. Emon okay, Emon. I fear poison. Modern technology is not a good source of energy. Emon. Me, jontie, right? Rizuaka, raisuaka, rizuaka di pusta. How to how to how to how to how. God. Ni hariliko, kuri kuri, sabaki babanchi, where your people are clean, no one is a man but you, your behavior is not, zake ipona kuri, kirele to ya bone god, or mtu but you, lepo cha, now tabadiru babiti cannot tell us, barba tso kankana ewe yao labuni. It's the Bible of God. They were born in the United States, Greece, and Europe, not in the language but in other cities. There were ten brothers who called the city but the woman did not. Somewhere there, the wedding ceremony broke, the old man was born, but there was omicron, but there was no yesterday, the old man. I mean Omicron, our Kali on Thursday. Luhuri, krilling firms Johnson & Johnson. Hine is not employees talked about. Abad chokes the ground, is in the middle of the night. Baswaka throw bones, mumiling his stones. They called it just immunocompromise. Luhuri, no one came to power because of the clouds. You have a tumor looking for there cancer. Black and white. These diseases include cancer, appetite suppression, hypertension, tuberculosis, and diabetes. And they gave him the sheep and the goats, and the fourth altar. In the sky, I didn't believe in Johnson & Johnson. He can be there. Johnson & Johnson's leg Can you freeze the Cape buffer where you can freeze Johnson & Johnson's leg If you don't have it You can freeze the leg of Johnson & Johnson Fry the leg of Johnson & Johnson You can freeze the leg It's a raiki put it on me. Ships size. Father of African Medical Research. He should report to the authorities. At the relo. Far away far away from the fields limao laborar. Tape today. Kirele just on some anger. Foot foot hit the screwdriver. Away. Serve us well, our hero, where we are helped elsewhere. Go halfway to the gym. Sapra, erikaluse missing information, incoherent. It's halfway to the jopula. Tune base sapra, lottery tits friends. Belita and Pebaruma, your grandchildren are clean, they are clean, they are clean. There is no zi, selak, agaba, levella, hurana. In addition, there is no need to worry about the use of these products, such as mixing and matching, and the ability to use these products. Lee Fizer, purchase of applied explosives. Take death, take death. Whatever they do, they hold our hands mixing and matching. They are not clean, they are not clean. Eh, on the patio, let's see, subscribe huri. Kahu and code, yahu, mix, look at us. The two types of nifela are mixed with khimpodi. Our 2 pieces are perfect for mixing and matching. But everything happened mixing and matching, but everything happened before, but it happened in the COVID-19 pandemic. Our harta 2 is the same even without mixing and matching, because it happens when mixing and matching. Music happens in the mixing and matching scene. The child there parks again. Mixing and matching. Mixing and matching. Mixing and matching. Mixing and matching Mixing and matching Okay Yes, I'm going to have the flu. key Wednesday dress Ponso agerubwe cotton wool. You're a little girl there. A little monster. Toko little nose. Canteke water, water. Usiami ponso ralebo took his brother's sender once. Use a small sheet of no ponso. He told the story of Malachi.