Every month about COVID-19 in the weekly newsletter. Save the whole group. Hey! COVID-19 is still spreading. Here, we have a wiki for chicken school for nursing. Oso every kind of chicken? For four chickens. Nui lo to tasyna and kiss the chicken at the cinema for the five chickens. Hasur is the same party. Hey! And yes, you can overcome the urinary based on such problems, where is the trust of the city? We have won, we have stood up against something like COVID, we have stood up against another nation against COVID-19, before we are cleansed by the work of half a nation against COVID-1 I'm struggling to meet you during the long COVID year. It is difficult to wear a dress called the long COVID year. Kajika doesn't have a long COVID year to spread during the COVID-19 pandemic. In the face of the COVID-19 pandemic, our dynamo has affected all of us and our work. Rice has not been seen in the COVID-19 pandemic. Rice is the best way to see the COVID-19 pandemic. The COVID-19 car is far away and the COVID-19 car is far away. We called him during the COVID-19 pandemic. They are the ones who speak, and there are their speakers in the city. They didn't know us, but they didn't. The parents subscribed to the COVID cover. Post-COVID-19 syndrome, the environment is exploding. It's a little bit of COVID. They call me a little far away. There's these white women, you saw me white. Hulu Lidi Daughter Glenn Woman. For hivyo, for, for, for. For example, it is important to avoid people who are strangers, bachudi, and people who are angry, who are infected with diseases and diseases, who are infected with diseases, diseases and diseases, such as children with COVID-19, tegini and mumile. It's young people, it's having enough money to tell who they are, it's fighting for children to tell who they have. For chola, jeans with sweat or bags, with sweat striped. After being treated for COVID-19, they were treated with buwakuri, bulb locomotive banali, buttermilk, coconut milk, concentrate, coconut milk. They are the ones who sell the ceiling or, dausa likuri, or silhouette baninte playing or playing. For hives, hives, hives. Therefore, transporting, transporting, dreaming of COVID-19, shop there, feed us and we are wise. Yeah no. Wezi lemon cake, poncho, black leo to anonga, if we cat. Ore meat, not perfect. Yeah no. Marry me? Marry me? Murahua of COVID is not pneumonia, but it is called pneumonia, but it is called dicadiobascula, which causes serious illness. Tatoba countries are not healthy. It's like a Saturday morning and you're smoking barezi, there's nothing wrong with COVID-19, you're not encouraged to answer them. The woman typed where they were. While sayingCheckout is closed, place your PhD in COVID, why do you have a COVID car and a Border creeper is, do we need it? For the hospital and workers, the situation is like Mkhoo and the flow is not being treated in Porto Sardinia.